Update README.md (#11)
vtex/danger: README.md

## Usage as a package

> > Using as package still need to configure an action as mentioned [here](#usage-as-an-action). <br> It's necessary add the command `yarn install` before the `vtex/danger@master` on `danger-ci` job in your .yml file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Even when using as package, it still needs the configuration mentioned at [Usage as an action](#usage-as-an-action). <br> It's important to mention that it's necessary to add the command `yarn install` before the `vtex/danger@master` on `danger-ci` job in your .yml file
```
